it's halftime both teams are in their
locker room discussing what they can do
to win this game in the second half it's
halftime in America two people are out
of work and they're hurting they're all
wondering what they're gonna do to make
it come back and we're all scared
because this isn't a game the people of
Detroit know a little something about
this they almost lost everything but we
all pull together now Motor City is
fighting again I've seen a lot of tough
Harris a lot of downturns of my life at
times what we didn't understand each
other it seems that we've lost our heart
at times the fog division discord and
blame made it hard to see what lies
ahead
but after those trials we all rallied
around what was right and acted as one
because that's what we do we find a way
through tough times if we can't find a
way then we'll make one
all that matters now is what's ahead how
do we come from behind
how do we come together and now how do
we win
Detroit's showing as it can be done and
what's true about them is true about all
of us this country can't be knocked out
with one punch we get right back up
again and when we do the world's gonna
hear the roar of our engines
yeah it's halftime America and our
second half's about to begin